# Sphinx 13DS Template

This is a custom template for building documentation from reStructuredText with Sphinx. It uses a custom theme: *13ds_theme_one*. At this time, it has been configured for **html output only**. Support for `sphinx-build -b latex` will happen in the next iteration.

## Table of Contents

<!-- toc -->

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Future Features](#future-features)

<!-- tocstop -->

## Installation


## Basic Usage

Old directory structure:

```
.
├─ doc
│  ├─ _static (source .pdf, .svg, .gif, .png, .jpg, .uxf, etc.)
│  ├─ _templates (custom html templates)
│  ├─ automake.py
│  ├─ conf.py
│  ├─ Makefile
│  └─ *.rst
└─ docs
    ├─ _images (build .svg, .png, .jpg)
    ├─ _sources (optional .txt versions of .rst)
    ├─ _static (build .pdf, .svg, .gif, .png, .jpg, .uxf, etc.)
    └─ *.html
```


New 13ds_theme_one directory structure:

```
.
└─ docs
    ├─ html
    │  ├─ _images (build .svg, .png, .jpg)
    │  ├─ _sources (optional .txt versions of .rst)
    │  ├─ _static (build .pdf, .svg, .gif, .png, .jpg, .uxf, etc.)
    │  └─ *.html
    ├─ source
    │  ├─ _doctrees (generated by Sphinx)
    │  ├─ _static (source .pdf, .svg, .gif, .png, .jpg, .uxf, etc.)
    │  ├─ _templates (custom html templates)
    │  ├─ _themes
    │  │  └─ 13ds_theme_one
    │  ├─ automake.py
    │  ├─ conf.py
    │  └─ *.rst
    └─ Makefile
```
## Configuration
## Style Customization
### Images
class | description
----- | -----------
scale-to-fit | your image, regardless of size, will scale to the width of the container.
noscale-center | your image will not scale larger than its original saved size. If the image is smaller in width than the container, it will be centered.
noscale-left | your image will not scale larger than its original saved size. If the image is smaller in width than the container, it will be aligned left.
noscale-left-wrap | your image will not scale larger than its original saved size. If the image is smaller in width than the container, it will be aligned left and allow text to wrap around its right side.
noscale-right-wrap | your image will not scale larger than its original saved size. If the image is smaller in width than the container, it will be aligned right and allow text to wrap around its left side.

### Videos
### Dark syntax

## Future Features

- [ ] Latex support
- [ ] Dark mode
- [ ] Custom Pygment syntax style
- [ ] Dynamic highlight current section in sidebar toc while scrolling
- [ ] 13ds_theme_two
      - layout on large screen includes right sidebar ("on this page")
